beaten tortured and
humiliated the accusation of
Palestinians detained by Israeli forces
during the war on Gaza and now released
and in
Rafa I feel pain everywhere on my body
they forced us to bend on our knees for
hours they kept asking me about the
tunnels and about their captives held by
Hamas I told them I'm 70 years old and I
know nothing about these matters
they hit me a lot when I couldn't find
an answer to their
questions another says he was taken
after being told to evacuate his
home we spent the first three days
without food or water we were not
allowed to go to the toilets we were
beaten harshly all over the first 3 days
after that they moved us to another
place for some new methods of torture
after a 3day starvation they gave us a
meal that's not even enough for a child
these are not the first claims of
torture at the hands of the Israeli
soldiers on Wednesday the bodies of at
least 30 Palestinians were found dumbed
in a schooly yard in Northern Gaza
Witnesses say they have been tortured by
Israeli forces then killed and their
corpses bought in plastic bags this is
precisely why Israel was taken to the
international court of justice with the
accusation that it is committing
genocide
and the fact that we see that the icj
ruled in favor of South Africa and said
that there's a plausible risk of
genocide is simply this this evidence
just simply bolsters that opinion look
Israel's been committing war crimes
against Palestinians since 1948 and
nobody has ever held Israel to account
this violence comes after the un's top
Court said Israel must do more to
prevent the genocide of
Palestinians ordering it to investigate
all accusation of abuse and that
Palestinians arrests are treated in line
with International humanitarian law
allegations of torture have increased
during Israel's war in Gaza from beating
to withholding medication testimonies
point to an increase of violations of
Palestinian rights since October the 7th
that prompted condemnation from right
groups who say such evidence needs to be
preserved during anes fire such
accusations would undermine Israel's
credibility around the world if
supported by
evidence its war on Gaza has been
conducted without despite has left
little time for Relief and growing
accusation of torture are adding to fear
and uncertainity for surviving
Palestinians taraz Al jazer Rafa in
southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer